Update README.md (#4)
FQX-AG/encode-solana-hackathon: README.md

It allows investors to give up the potential upside exposure to the underlying asset in exchange for an enhanced coupon. 
The ideal market scenario for reverse convertibles is the expectation of a sideways trending market.

See the attached graph for a visual representation of the product.

![graph.png](assets/graph.png)

In most of the markets, the product is issued by a financial institution on the request of an investor. 
The investor requests a product with certain parameters in mind. 
And potential issuers compete on the yield they can offer on the product.
Once the investor accepts an offer, the issuer will issue the product to the investor.

## Challenges with current solutions
Current solutions for issuing structured products are centralized and require a lot of 
intermediaries. This makes the process of issuing and managing structured products slow and cumbersome.

As an example the final fixing date, maturity and settlement of the product are 3-7 days apart from each other.
They also require a lot of manual intervention due to lack of automation
of price fixing and payment settlement.

Since Structured Products are considered to be securities in most jurisdictions, 

> they required to be properly registerd and stored in segregated accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they required to be properly registered and stored in segregated accounts.
```

> Intransparency of the Structured Products pricing might hurt market integrity and decreases overall investors' confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opaqueness of the pricing of Structured Products might hurt market integrity and decreases overall investors' confidence.
```

## Challenges with pure blockchain solutions
Pure blockchain/DeFi solutions don't provide the legal certainty that is required for structured products.
Issuers and investors usually like to negotiate the terms of the product in private.
Holding a Structured Product creates risk exposure of the investor to both the Underlying Asset and the Issuer.

> Hence pure DeFi solution with anonimous Issuers and therefore unknown credit risk shall be avoided by investors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence pure DeFi solution with anonimous Issuers and therefore unknown credit risk is generally avoided by investors.
```
